SearchResponse(results=[Result(url='https://www.cntraveller.com/gallery/best-hotels-india', id='https://www.cntraveller.com/gallery/best-hotels-india', title='23 of the best hotels in India, from transformed palaces to city boltholes', score=None, published_date='2024-08-26T12:00:00.000Z', author='Diya Kohli', image='https://media.cntraveller.com/photos/6437fbc32efa2c9e4160313d/16:9/w_1280,c_limit/Villa%20Palladio%20Jaipur_61.jpg', favicon='https://www.cntraveller.com/verso/static/condenasttraveler-global/assets/favicon.ico', subpages=None, extras=None, entities=None, crawl_date=None, text="19 best hotels in India, from transformed palaces to city boltholes | CN Traveller\n\nSkip to main content\n\nIndia is one of the largest countries in the world and home to some of the best, most spectacular hotels. There’s something magical about it. There must be - just ask anyone who’s been, and they’ll likely describe it with misty-eyed optimism and tell tales of its place in their hearts. Whether it’s a first-time trip you’re planning or a return to explore different regions, from the Southern city of Channai to mountainous Himalayan landscapes, finding the right place to stay can add to the experience. From dollhouse-like boutique accommodation in Jaipur where meditation rooms and Tibetan treatments are par for the course, to the spectacular, palace-inspired architecture of India’s most famous hotels, these are the best places to stay in the country, as curated by our team of editors at Conde Nast Traveller India.\n\nIn this article\n\n- Editor's picks\n- The best hotels in India\n- How we choose the best hotels in India\n- More India recommendations\n\n## Editor's picks\n\n- For luxury: The Oberoi, Mumbai\n- For a honeymoon: The Oberoi Amarvilas, Agra\n- For a wedding: Fairmont Udaipur Palace, Rajasthan\n- For a safari: SUJÁN Sher Bagh, Ranthambore\n\n### The Oberoi, Mumbai, Maharashtra\n\nhttps://www.cntraveller.com/hotels/mumbai/the-oberoi-mumbai\n\nFeatured in our Gold List of the best hotels in the world 2026\n\nPerched on the tip of South Mumbai, the 237-key Oberoi Mumbai overlooks the glittering lights of the curved bay that forms the Queen’s Necklace. The stark modernist building with its soaring atrium was among the first hotels built by legendary hotelier Biki Oberoi in 1986, setting new standards in design and service for luxury hospitality in India and becoming a defining part of the Mumbai skyline.\n\nIn the four decades since, the property has remained a grand doyenne of hospitality, even as the city around it has churned and reshaped itself. Walk into the lobby and the first thing that greets you is an ever-smiling member of the staff. The changing colours of the sky and the ever-shifting sea are framed as the perfect artwork in the ocean-view suites, the residences, and at the Art Deco-inspired Eau Bar, one of the best sundowner spots in the city with views of the Arabian Sea. Diya Kohli\n\nRead Full Review\n\nCheck Availability at Booking.com\n\nCheck Availability at Expedia\n\nRishul Bangar\n\nSomendra Singh\n\nRishul Bangar\n\n### Samode Palace, near Jaipur, Rajasthan\n\nhttps://www.cntraveller.com/hotels/jaipur/samode-palace\n\nFeatured in our Gold List of the best hotels in the world 2026\n\nStepping into Samode, 45 kilometres from Jaipur airport, feels like entering a half-remembered epic. First the cobbled street of an old village, then four domed gateways, and suddenly, a palace with the Aravalli mountains rising behind it. Each doorway frames the one across from it, creating a hypnotic progression through centuries. Outside it may be the 21st century, but at Samode you are in the era of Rajputana royalty, and that mood carries through everything: the service, the cuisine, the architecture, the decor. What began as a 16th-century fort evolved over generations into a palace. The family still runs it today, and their touch is palpable, from the warm welcome by staff who anticipate needs before they are spoken.\n\nLike in all great palaces, intrigue lingers in its details: hidden alcoves, scalloped arches, carved parapets, frescoes of a faded Durga on her tiger, a centuries-old miniature of Radha, and ceilings painted in indigo and rose. The Sheesh Mahal dazzles most dramatically, where 250-year-old Belgian glass mosaics glimmer across vaulted ceilings. The palace has its enchantments, but the kitchens are where the alchemy really happens, recipes tested over centuries: lamb in gently spiced curry, locally grown greens, wines from a cellar stocked with improbable vintages. There are two restaurants at the palace, but the true joy is in its movable feasts – a dinner in the Durbar Hall, lunch at the Sheesh Mahal, a tea in the garden, or supper on the pool deck under the stars. Everything here feels unstaged, unfiltered, and regally authentic. Just as it should be. Shunali Khullar Shroff\n\nRead Full Review\n\nCheck Availability at Booking.com\n\nCheck Availability at Expedia\n\nHajra Ahmad\n\nHajra Ahmad\n\nHajra Ahmad\n\nSUJÁN Sher Bagh\n\n### SUJÁN Sher Bagh, Ranthambore, India\n\nhttps://www.cntraveller.com/hotels/ranthambore/sujan-sher-bagh-india\n\nFeatured in our Gold List of the best hotels in the world 2026\n\nWhile travellers come here hoping to see a tiger during the day, it's at nightfall when Sher Bagh truly shines. Hundreds of lanterns are dotted along the walkways and hung from the trees; the soundscape is a powerful chorus of insects and frogs singing their evening tunes. Located on the edge of India’s famous Ranthambore National Park, Sher Bagh is the most illustrious of the Suján properties, owned by conservation-minded hoteliers Jaisal and Anjali Singh.\n\nThe camp comprises stone, wood, and canvas-tented pavilions set under peepal trees, with rooms strewn with campaign-style furniture and vintage objects; in the bathrooms lie deep copper tubs. It's 1920s glamour set amid the wild. Mary Holland\n\nRead Full Review\n\nCheck Availability at Booking.com\n\n### Welcomhotel By ITC Hotels, Pine N Peak\n\nhttps://www.cntraveller.com/hotels/welcomhotel-by-itc-hotels-pine-n-peak\n\nFeatured in our Gold List of the best hotels in the world 2026\n\nA herd of sheep blocks your car that has so far been gliding down the smooth road in Lidder Valley. The fast-flowing river is your constant companion along the turns and bends, ensuring you know the valley is named after it. The two-and-a-half-hour drive from Srinagar to Pahalgam unspools like a primer on Kashmir's greatest hits: mountains so green you’d think someone turned up the saturation; wild horses grazing in meadows; tiny hamlets of wooden homes with carved windows and pitched roofs; and roadside fruit stands with apples piled high. The road winds upward through a pine forest until you reach a hotel that looks like it has quietly grown out of the hillside: the chalet-style Welcomhotel by ITC Hotels, Pine N Peak. Inside, it feels like Kashmir reinterpreted, with its vaulted ceilings, textured walnut-wood doors, and chesterfield sofas upholstered in local fabrics. The kitchen does justice to Kashmir's culinary grammar across three dining venues that offer a plethora of multicuisine dishes.\n\nFor guests who want wellness indoors, there is a spa with a range of therapies and a well-equipped fitness centre. However, the real sense of well-being is in the outdoors, whether it’s an early-morning stroll through the gardens that spill into the forest, soundtracked by the rushing river below; an afternoon walk on the forest trails or through nearby villages that ends with a picnic by the Lidder; or an evening back at the property, relaxing by a crackling fire. Shunal Khullar Shroff\n\nRead Full Review\n\nCheck Availability at Booking.com\n\n### The Oberoi Armavilas, Agra, Uttar Pradesh\n\nhttps://www.cntraveller.com/hotels/agra/oberoi-amarvilas-india\n\nAs you enter the lobby, the Taj Mahal comes immediately into view. Just 600 metres from the hotel, it rises serenely from a canopy of fig, mango, neem and sisham trees, its white marble luminous against the green. Flocks of parrots and doves flit across the scene and strains of classical Indian music fill the air, courtesy of the talented local musicians at the hotel. Each of the 102 rooms and suites places the monument at the centre: the Taj Mahal is visible from the bed, the shower and the bathtub. Interiors are sumptuous – Mughal miniature paintings adorn the walls, hand-knotted carpets warm the floors and inlaid Burmese teak furniture sits alongside headboards embroidered in gold thread. Thoughtful touches are everywhere: a pillow menu for every kind of sleeper, Ayurvedic bath products by Forest Essentials, gorgeous block-printed robes (that you can purchase to take home), fresh flowers and local fruits, and an impressively intricate, solid white chocolate model of the Taj Mahal that feels almost too beautiful to eat. Every room and suite comes with 24-hour butler service and round-the-clock in-room dining. And the same level of care extends throughout the hotel.\n\nIn the restaurant, the kebabs are so tender the knife is almost redundant, they yield at the lightest touch. Petha, Agra’s signature sweet, is reimagined in multiple forms, all made in-house. The chef’s signature saffron-infused version is not to be missed. Preshita Saha\n\nRead Full Review\n\nCheck Availability at Booking.com\n\nCheck Availability at Expedia\n\nApu Sista 2016\n\nApu Sista 2016\n\nApu Sista\n\n### Evolve Back Hampi, Kamalapura, Karnataka\n\nhttps://www.cntraveller.com/hotels/hallikere-village/evolve-back-kamalapura-palace-hampi\n\nBelieved to be occupied since at least the 3rd century BC, Hampi reached its pinnacle as the capital of the Vijayanagara Empire in the 15th century, when it was among the richest and largest cities in the world. Its sudden fall to the Deccan Sultanates led the city to be largely abandoned, leaving behind the vast, scenic ruins and magnificent stone temples that define the landscape today. Just four kilometres from this storied landscape, Evolve Back Kamalapura Palace offers a contemporary interpretation of the past, shaped carefully by the history that surrounds it. The hotel’s fort-like entrance (inspired by one of the region's principal structures, the Anegundi Fort) gives way to stone paved boulevards reminiscent of the ceremonial routes that once led to the city’s temples.\n\nStaying here is to step into another era, yet with every comfort of the present. High ceilings, handcrafted details, and soft, sunlit interiors let the surrounding landscape take centre stage, while quietude descends naturally with evening: stargazing beneath vast skies with the delicate strains of flute and classical ", summary=None, highlights=None, highlight_scores=None), Result(url='https://www.tajhotels.com/en-in/hotels/taj-mahal-palace-mumbai', id='https://www.tajhotels.com/en-in/hotels/taj-mahal-palace-mumbai', title='The Taj Mahal Palace, Mumbai - 5 Star Hotel in Colaba | Taj Hotels', score=None, published_date=None, author=None, image='https://cdn.sanity.io/images/ocl5w36p/ihcl_prod/302688a9efa8107665b8bfbf61fa7f8d6ab9fceb-1296x1741.jpg', favicon='https://www.tajhotels.com/en-in/taj-favicon-32x32.svg', subpages=None, extras=None, entities=None, crawl_date=None, text="The Taj Mahal Palace, Mumbai - 5 Star Hotel in Colaba | Taj Hotels\n\n---\n\n# The Taj Mahal Palace, Mumbai\n\nGALLERY\n\n---\n\n15 Jun 2026\n\n---\n\n16 Jun 2026\n\n//\n\nJune 2026 – July 2026\n\nS\n\nM\n\nT\n\nW\n\nT\n\nF\n\nS\n\n1\n\n✖\n\n2\n\n✖\n\n3\n\n✖\n\n4\n\n✖\n\n5\n\n✖\n\n6\n\n✖\n\n7\n\n✖\n\n8\n\n✖\n\n9\n\n✖\n\n10\n\n✖\n\n11\n\n✖\n\n12\n\n✖\n\n13\n\n✖\n\n14\n\n✖\n\n15\n\n✖\n\n16\n\n✖\n\n17\n\n✖\n\n18\n\n✖\n\n19\n\n✖\n\n20\n\n✖\n\n21\n\n✖\n\n22\n\n✖\n\n23\n\n✖\n\n24\n\n✖\n\n25\n\n✖\n\n26\n\n✖\n\n27\n\n✖\n\n28\n\n✖\n\n29\n\n✖\n\n30\n\n✖\n\nS\n\nM\n\nT\n\nW\n\nT\n\nF\n\nS\n\n1\n\n✖\n\n2\n\n✖\n\n3\n\n✖\n\n4\n\n✖\n\n5\n\n✖\n\n6\n\n✖\n\n7\n\n✖\n\n8\n\n✖\n\n9\n\n✖\n\n10\n\n✖\n\n11\n\n✖\n\n12\n\n✖\n\n13\n\n✖\n\n14\n\n✖\n\n15\n\n✖\n\n16\n\n✖\n\n17\n\n✖\n\n18\n\n✖\n\n19\n\n✖\n\n20\n\n✖\n\n21\n\n✖\n\n22\n\n✖\n\n23\n\n✖\n\n24\n\n✖\n\n25\n\n✖\n\n26\n\n✖\n\n27\n\n✖\n\n28\n\n✖\n\n29\n\n✖\n\n30\n\n✖\n\n31\n\n✖\n\n---\n\n1 Guest\n\n---\n\n1 Room\n\n---\n\nSpecial CodeBOOK NOW\n\n---\n\nHome/ hotels/ taj mahal palace mumbai\n\nSHARE\n\n## OUR LEGENDARY FLAGSHIP\n\nAs the leading harbour icon in India, The Taj Mahal Palace, Mumbai commands a regal view of the Gateway of India and the Arabian Sea. It epitomises the enduring commitment to excellence, heritage, and service that the Taj brand is renowned for globally. Since 1903, our luxury hotel in Mumbai has hosted illustrious guests, including royalty and dignitaries. We stand as the foremost destination for ...\n\nunparalleled hospitality in the heart of the city's history and culture. Within the hallowed halls of The Taj Mahal Palace, Mumbai, a realm of opulence and tranquillity awaits. Immerse yourself in sumptuous chambers and lush gardens, complemented by an array of lounges and dining venues. Rejuvenate in our revitalising wellness amenities and relish in the pampering of our personalised service. Retreat to the luxury accommodations at our 5 star hotel in Mumbai, adorned with fine natural materials and period art, ensuring an exquisite experience. Discover exquisite dining at our restaurants in Mumbai, offering a diverse array from contemporary Indian cuisine to refined Chinese fare. Experience The Taj Mahal Palace, Mumbai – India's inaugural heritage hotel in Mumbai, where heritage meets modernity. We extend a warm welcome, infusing your stay with personalised touches, from our renowned butler and concierge services to the indulgent J Wellness Circle. Our opulent accommodations, banquet halls and meeting rooms redefine luxury. Situated just an hour from the international airport, our convenient location ensures seamless travel, expertly arranged by our concierge. Your journey with us is a testament to our pride, warmth, and commitment to extraordinary hospitality.\n\n---\n\n## Highlights\n\nStep into India's inaugural luxury haven, a 5-star hotel in Colaba, Mumbai. Indulge in a symphony of culinary delights at our nine legendary bars and restaurants, and revel in the stellar service of our devoted butlers and concierge. This is where opulence meets tradition, promising an unforgettable... experience.\n\n### Iconic Architecture\n\n### Legacy of 120 Years\n\n### Personalised butler services\n\n---\n\n## Unparalleled Offers\n\n### Advance Purchase - Member Breakfast Inclusive\n\nThoughtful planning comes with its own rewards. Make your reservation ahead of time and benefit from exclusive advance purchase sa... vings exclusively for our Taj InnerCircle- NeuPass members.\n\n### Dream. Drive. Discover. Delight. (4D)\n\nDrive away to enjoy the company of your loved ones and spend unforgettable moments in our exemplary care, with all meals included.\n\n### Best Available Rate - Room Only\n\nOffering an unparalleled blend of plush comfort and elegance, our exclusive room-only rate comes with the added convenience of sea... mless internet connectivity and flexible cancellation.\n\n---\n\n## Hotel Information\n\nCHECK IN – CHECK OUT\n\nCheck-in from 2:00 pm\n\nCheck-out until noon\n\nDINING\n\n7 restaurants and 1 bar\n\nCURRENT TEMPERATURE\n\n30.89°c\n\n---\n\nROOMS & SUITES\n\n243 rooms and 42 suites\n\nWELLNESS\n\nJ Wellness Circle and the Ayurveda Sanctuary offering International and Indian wellness therapies.\n\nHOTEL ESSENTIALS\n\nGSTIN: 27AAACT3957G1Z7\n\n---\n\nCONTACT\n\nApollo Bunder, Mumbai, Maharashtra, 400 001, India\n\nreservations.mumbai@ihcltata.com\n\nDOWNLOAD FACTSHEET\n\nHOTEL CLASSIFICATION\n\n---\n\n## Facilities\n\n#### HOTEL\n\nAccessibility for differently-abled\u200b\n\nBaby-sitter on premises (on request)\u200b\n\nCar Rental\u200b\n\nConcierge\n\n...more\n\n#### DINING\n\nLoya (Cuisine from North of India)\u200b\n\nWasabi by Morimoto (Contemporary Japanese)\u200b\n\nGolden Dragon (Sichuan & Cantonese)\u200b\n\nShamiana (24-hour international dining)\u200b\n\n...more\n\n#### WELLNESS\n\nJ Wellness Circle Spa\n\nOutdoor Pool\n\nTaj Salon\n\n24-hour fitness centre\n\n#### ROOMS\n\nInterconnecting rooms (subject to availability)\u200b\n\nMini-Bar\u200b\n\nSea-facing rooms/ City View Rooms\u200b\n\nSmoking and non-smoking rooms (subject to availability)\u200b\n\n...more\n\n---\n\n## Location & Directions\n\n#### GETTING HERE\n\nApollo Bunder, Mumbai, Maharashtra, 400 001, India\n\n#### AIRPORT\n\nTransfers to and from Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport take approximately one hour by car\n\n#### LOCAL TRANSPORT\n\nPublic taxis are readily available. Hotel cars and town cars can be organised by the concierge\n\n---\n\n## Frequently Asked Questions\n\n---\n\n### Is it possible to get an early check-in or a late check-out if my travel plans change?\n\nYes, the hotel offers the option of early check-in and late check-out. However, these are subject to availability. While the standard Taj Mahal Palace, Mumbai check-in time is 2:00 PM, guests who arrive earlier can request an early check-in. Similarly, standard check-out is at 12:00 PM (noon), but late check-out can be arranged upon request. For both early check-in and late check-out, extra charges are applicable.\n\n### Are pets allowed in the Taj Mahal Palace, Mumbai?\n\nNo, pets are not permitted at The Taj Mahal Palace, Mumbai.\n\n### Does the hotel offer a baby cot?\n\nYes, there are baby cots available at The Taj Mahal Palace, Mumbai. We are happy to accommodate young children and provide comfortable sleeping arrangements. Guests are welcome to contact the hotel before their arrival for any assistance.\n\n### Can I arrange a pick-up or a drop-off at the airport from The Taj Mahal Palace, Mumbai?\n\nArranging an airport transfer is simple and highly recommended for a smooth arrival experience. To arrange a Taj Mahal Palace, Mumbai airport pickup and transfer, please email reservations.mumbai@ihcltata.com with your flight details and contact number at least 24 hours before your arrival so the hotel can organise the service in time.\n\n### What views will I get from the room I booked?\n\nThe Taj Mahal Palace, Mumbai offers a range of rooms and suites, many of which feature stunning views. Guests can choose from:\n\n- Sea View Rooms and Suites - You can enjoy iconic Arabian Sea views from our Luxury Grande Sea View Room, Taj Club Sea View Room, Grande Luxury Suite (1 Bedroom Sea View), and Signature Suite.\n\n- City View Rooms - For those who enjoy the vibrancy of Mumbai's urban landscape, the Luxury Grande Room City View and Taj Club Room City View offer comfortable stays with sweeping views of the city.\n\n---\n\n## TRAVEL STORIES\n\nDive into the world of Taj Hotels through our blogs, offering unique perspectives on luxur...\n\ny stays, dining, culture and unforgettable experiences\n\n---\n\n### Taj Hotels Preserving Heritage\n\nFrom palaces to colonial marvels, each Taj destination unvei... ls India's timeless traditions and cultural grandeur.\n\n---\n\n### Hospitality Excellence with IHCL Brands\n\nUncover the hidden gems of India with the luxurious and icon... ic hotels from IHCL. Experience the rich culture, heritage and breathtaking landscapes of India with the ultimate hospitality from Taj, Vivanta and SeleQtions hotels.\n\n---\n\n### Lavish Stays in Mumbai\n\nImmerse in unrivalled luxury at these opulent 5-star hotels ... in Mumbai. Indulge in lavish amenities and impeccable service for an extraordinary experience. Know more!\n\n---\n\n### From Mumbai to San Francisco\n\nDiscover the enchanting bond between Mumbai and San Francisc... o through Taj's lens. Experience unparalleled hospitality uniting two distinct cultures.\n\n#### SUITE SURPRISES - MEMBER ONLY\n\nIndulge in a stay that goes beyond the ordinary and experience enhanced comfort, added space, thoughtful touches and unparalleled extravagance with ou... r special package for suites.\n\nSUBSCRIBE FOR LATEST UPDATES\n\nEnter your email Address\n\nSUBSCRIBE\n\nFOR BOOKINGS CONTACT\n\nCUSTOMER SUPPORT\n\nQUICK LINKS\n\nHSBC Taj Credit Card\n\nCONNECT WITH US\n\n---\n\nDESTINATIONS\n\n5-Star Hotels in Agra\n\n5-Star Hotels in Ahmedabad\n\n5-Star Hotels in Ajmer\n\n5-Star Hotels in Alibaug\n\n5-Star Hotels in Amritsar\n\n5-Star Hotels in Andamans\n\n5-Star Hotels in Anjuna\n\n5-Star Hotels in Bandhavgarh\n\n5-Star Hotels in Bangalore\n\n5-Star Hotels in Bekal\n\n5-Star Hotels in Benaulim\n\n5-Star Hotels in Bentota\n\n5-Star Hotels in Bhopal\n\n5-Star Hotels in Bhubaneswar\n\n5-Star Hotels in Cape Town\n\n5-Star Hotels in Calicut\n\n5-Star Hotels in Candolim\n\n5-Star Hotels in Chandigarh\n\n5-Star Hotels in Chennai\n\n5-Star Hotels in Chitwan\n\n5-Star Hotels in Chikmagalur\n\n5-Star Hotels in Coimbatore\n\n5-Star Hotels in Colombo\n\n5-Star Hotels in Coorg\n\n5-Star Hotels in Coonoor\n\n5-Star Hotels in Darjeeling\n\n5-Star Hotels in Dehradun\n\n5-Star Hotels in Dharamshala\n\n5-Star Hotels in Diu\n\n5-Star Hotels in Dubai\n\n5-Star Hotels in Dudhwa\n\n5-Star Hotels in Ekta Nagar\n\n5-Star Hotels in Ernakulam\n\n5-Star Hotels in Gandhinagar\n\n5-Star Hotels in Gangtok\n\n5-Star Hotels in Goa\n\n5-Star Hotels in Gurugram\n\n5-Star Hotels in Guwahati\n\n5-Star Hotels in Gwalior\n\n5-Star Hotels in Havelock\n\n5-Star Hotels in Hyderabad\n\n5-Star Hotels in Indore\n\n5-Star Hotels in Jamshedpur\n\n5-Star Hotels in Jaipur\n\n5-Star Hotels in Jim Corbett\n\n5-Star Hotels in Jodhpur\n\n5-Star Hotels in Kanha\n\n5-Star Hotels in Kanpur\n\n5-Star Hotels in Kashmir\n\n5-Star Hotels in Kathmandu\n\n5-Star Hotels in Katra\n\n5-Star Hotels in Kerala\n\n5-Star Hotels in Kochi\n\n5-Star Hotels in Kolkata\n\n5-Star Hotels in Kovalam\n\n5-Star Hotels in Kumarakom\n\n5-Star Hotels in Kumbhalgarh\n\n5-Star Hotels in Lakshadweep\n\n5-Star Hotels in London\n\n5-Star Hotels in Lucknow\n\n5-Star Hotels in Madikeri\n\n5-Star Hotels in Manali\n\n5-Star Hotel", summary=None, highlights=None, highlight_scores=None), Result(url='https://www.lartisien.com/hotels/india', id='https://www.lartisien.com/hotels/india', title='Best Luxury Indian Hotels | Luxury Hotels India', score=None, published_date=None, author=None, image='https://res.cloudinary.com/grand-luxury/image/upload/w_200,h_200,q_50,f_auto,c_fill,g_center/remote_glh/original/loader', favicon='https://www.lartisien.com/static/favicon.ico', subpages=None, extras=None, entities=None, crawl_date=None, text='Best Luxury Indian Hotels | Luxury Hotels India | Lartisien\n\nArrival-Departure\n\n- 2 adults\n\nSearch\n\n# India - Best luxury hotels\n\n## Since 2008, Lartisien has traveled the globe to curate a collection of the world’s finest luxury hotels. Our team carefully selects each property for its embodiment of the French Art of Travel, with a focus on excellence, cultural immersion, and personalized service. Every hotel, whether newly added or long-established, is chosen for its high standards and distinctive qualities that make it truly exceptional.\n\nFilterSortMap\n\n### For exclusive benefits, insider news and out-of-the-box travel inspirations\n\n## Sign up for our newsletter\n\nYour email address\n\nSign up\n\nEnglish\n\nEnglish', summary=None, highlights=None, highlight_scores=None), Result(url='https://www.tajhotels.com/en-in/hotels/taj-lake-palace-udaipur', id='https://www.tajhotels.com/en-in/hotels/taj-lake-palace-udaipur', title='Taj Lake Palace, Udaipur - Grand Palace Hotel in Udaipur | Taj Hotels', score=None, published_date=None, author=None, image='https://cdn.sanity.io/images/ocl5w36p/ihcl_prod/1c0c270e8d67352d82a51cc9a9c89c994bc882fe-1280x1760.jpg', favicon='https://www.tajhotels.com/en-in/taj-favicon-32x32.svg', subpages=None, extras=None, entities=None, crawl_date=None, text="Taj Lake Palace, Udaipur - Grand Palace Hotel in Udaipur | Taj Hotels\n\n---\n\n# Taj Lake Palace, Udaipur\n\nGALLERY\n\n---\n\n26 May 2026\n\n---\n\n27 May 2026\n\n//\n\nMay 2026 – June 2026\n\nS\n\nM\n\nT\n\nW\n\nT\n\nF\n\nS\n\n1\n\n✖\n\n2\n\n✖\n\n3\n\n✖\n\n4\n\n✖\n\n5\n\n✖\n\n6\n\n✖\n\n7\n\n✖\n\n8\n\n✖\n\n9\n\n✖\n\n10\n\n✖\n\n11\n\n✖\n\n12\n\n✖\n\n13\n\n✖\n\n14\n\n✖\n\n15\n\n✖\n\n16\n\n✖\n\n17\n\n✖\n\n18\n\n✖\n\n19\n\n✖\n\n20\n\n✖\n\n21\n\n✖\n\n22\n\n✖\n\n23\n\n✖\n\n24\n\n✖\n\n25\n\n✖\n\n26\n\n✖\n\n27\n\n✖\n\n28\n\n✖\n\n29\n\n✖\n\n30\n\n✖\n\n31\n\n✖\n\nS\n\nM\n\nT\n\nW\n\nT\n\nF\n\nS\n\n1\n\n✖\n\n2\n\n✖\n\n3\n\n✖\n\n4\n\n✖\n\n5\n\n✖\n\n6\n\n✖\n\n7\n\n✖\n\n8\n\n✖\n\n9\n\n✖\n\n10\n\n✖\n\n11\n\n✖\n\n12\n\n✖\n\n13\n\n✖\n\n14\n\n✖\n\n15\n\n✖\n\n16\n\n✖\n\n17\n\n✖\n\n18\n\n✖\n\n19\n\n✖\n\n20\n\n✖\n\n21\n\n✖\n\n22\n\n✖\n\n23\n\n✖\n\n24\n\n✖\n\n25\n\n✖\n\n26\n\n✖\n\n27\n\n✖\n\n28\n\n✖\n\n29\n\n✖\n\n30\n\n✖\n\n---\n\n1 Guest\n\n---\n\n1 Room\n\n---\n\nSpecial CodeBOOK NOW\n\n---\n\nHome/ hotels/ taj lake palace udaipur\n\nSHARE\n\n## EXPERIENCE THE ROMANCE OF ARISTOCRACY\n\nRoyalty meets fairy tale at the Taj Lake Palace Udaipur, seemingly poised to grace the waters of Lake Pichola. Here, every glance unveils breathtaking panoramas of the serene water expanse, rolling hills, and the splendid city of Udaipur. Jag Niwas, a masterpiece conceived between 1743-1746 by Maharana Jagat Singh II, the illustrious 62nd custodian of the House of Mewar, once served as a summer ha...\n\nven for the Mewar Royal family. In 1963, under the discerning eye of Maharana is Maharana Bhagwat Singh Mewar of Udaipur, it was transformed into a heritage haven, reflecting the epitome of lavish living. Meticulously resurrected to its former glory, it mirrors the unwavering commitment to excellence that characterises the Taj Lake Palace, Udaipur. Indulge in this Mughal-inspired luxury hotel in Udaipur, which offers 65 luxurious rooms and 18 grand suites that have been meticulously restored to their original glory. Stay in chambers adorned with troves of silk, velvet, priceless rugs, and objets d'art, once graced by royalty. Set against an unmatched backdrop, our regal palace hotel in Udaipur hosts elegant dining experiences open only to our resident guests. Sample authentic Rajasthani delicacies at Neel Kamal, savour European dishes at Bhairo or indulge in world cuisine at Jharokha. Begin with signature cocktails at Amrit Sagar bar, then luxuriate at J Wellness Circle. Let our concierge arrange a tour of the city's iconic landmarks in a vintage car. Udaipur's serene lakes, elaborate palaces and resplendent gardens await your discovery.\n\n---\n\n## Highlights\n\nEmbark on an enchanting journey into the legendary lifestyle of the esteemed Mewar royal family at this lavish hotel in Udaipur, perched elegantly over the serene waters of Lake Pichola.\n\n### PRISTINE WHITE MARBLE PALACE FLOATING ON THE LAKE\n\n### DINING ON THE ROYAL BARGE, GANGAUR\n\n### EXQUISITE ART AND CRAFTWORK\n\n---\n\n## Unparalleled Offers\n\n### Best Available Rate - Room Only\n\nOffering an unparalleled blend of plush comfort and elegance, our exclusive room-only rate comes with the added convenience of sea... mless internet connectivity and flexible cancellation.\n\n### Breakfast Inclusive Rate\n\nWake up to a symphony of flavours with our delectable breakfast spread and enjoy seamless internet connectivity and flexible cance... llation for that added convenience.\n\n### Queen's Woyage\n\nUnfurl your own royal banner with the Queen's Woyage. Step into our living palaces, where hand-stitched tapestries whisper secrets... of ancestral grace and moonlit courtyards remind you of timeless traditions. Indulge in thoughtfully curated excursions, luxurious meals and bespoke spa rituals befitting the Queen.\n\n---\n\n## HotelInformation\n\nNotice\n\nThe Palace is currently elevating your experience! From 26th April 2026 until 30th September 2026, we are upgrading our guest rooms to ensure an even more majestic stay. While we put these finishing touches on our new spaces, we remain fully committed to your comfort and a seamless experience. We de...\n\neply appreciate your cooperation and look forward to unveiling these beautiful enhancements for you.\n\nCHECK IN – CHECK OUT\n\nCheck-in from 2:00 pm\n\nCheck-out until noon\n\nDINING\n\n3 restaurants and 1 bar\n\nCURRENT TEMPERATURE\n\n---\n\nROOMS & SUITES\n\n65 rooms and 18 suites\n\nWELLNESS\n\nJ Wellness Circle offering Indian & International spa therapies (Ayurvedic and Modern Techniques)\n\nHOTEL ESSENTIALS\n\nGSTIN: 08AAACT3957G1Z7\n\n---\n\nCONTACT\n\nP.O Box No. 5, Lake Pichola, Udaipur, Rajasthan, 313001, Rajasthan, India\n\nlakepalace.udaipur@tajhotels.com\n\nDOWNLOAD FACTSHEET\n\nHOTEL CLASSIFICATION\n\n---\n\n## Facilities\n\n#### HOTEL\n\nAccessibility for differently-abled\n\nCar Rental\n\nConcierge\n\nCurrency Exchange\n\n...more\n\n#### DINING\n\nAmrit Sagar (Stylish Bar)\n\nJharokha (24-hour Multi-Cuisine Restaurant)\n\nBhairo (Fine-Dining European Restaurant)\n\nNeel Kamal (Fine-Dining Rajasthani, Indian Restaurant)\n\n...more\n\n#### WELLNESS\n\nHeated swimming pool\n\nJ Wellness Circle Spa\n\nOutdoor swimming pool\n\nState-of-the-art fitness centre\n\n...more\n\n#### ROOMS\n\nButler service\n\nInterconnecting rooms (subject to availability)\n\nMini-Bar\n\nSmoking and non-smoking rooms (subject to availability)\n\n...more\n\n---\n\n## Location &Directions\n\n#### GETTING HERE\n\nLake Pichola, Udaipur, Rajasthan, 313001, Rajasthan, India\n\n#### AIRPORT\n\nIt takes approximately 50 minutes by car from Dabok Airport, Udaipur, to reach the City Complex. A brief 5-minute boat ride from our private jetty will take you to the Taj Lake Palace hotel.\n\n#### LOCAL TRANSPORT\n\nBy shuttle boat to the Taj Lake Palace from the City Place complex, followed by taxi, town car or hotel car, which can be arranged by our concierge\n\n---\n\n## Frequently Asked Questions\n\n---\n\n### Is it possible to get an early check-in or a late check-out if my travel plans change?\n\nIf you are planning to arrive before the standard check-in time of 2:00 pm or leave after 12:00 pm, you are requested to let us know in advance. To ensure a smooth journey, you can call us directly so that we can assist you with the best available options tailored to your schedule.\n\n### Is Taj Lake Palace, Udaipur pet-friendly?\n\nNo, Taj Lake Palace, Udaipur is not a pet-friendly hotel. We don’t have any accommodation facilities for your pets.\n\n### How long does it take to reach Taj Lake Palace, Udaipur from the airport?\n\nTransfers between Taj Lake Palace, Udaipur and Maharana Pratap Airport take approximately 50 minutes by car. The travel time may be longer, depending on traffic, the timing of your flight or departure from the hotel.\n\n### Can I arrange a pick-up or drop-off at the airport from Taj Lake Palace, Udaipur?\n\nYes, we offer convenient airport pickup and drop-off services for all our guests to ensure a smooth and comfortable journey. If you’d like to book a transfer, feel free to call our in-house reservations team directly (at least 24 hours before your planned arrival).\n\n### What's the easiest way to reserve a table at one of the restaurants in Taj Lake Palace, Udaipur?\n\nThe easiest way to book a table at any of our restaurants at Taj Lake Palace, Udaipur is to call us at +91-29-4242-8800. You can savour a delightful variety of multi-cuisine delicacies and finger food. Our restaurants offer elegant settings designed to elevate your dining experience.\n\n### What are some of the best places to visit near Taj Lake Palace, Udaipur?\n\nIf you're looking to step out and explore Udaipur, you are definitely in for a treat. Some of the best places to visit include Lake Pichola, Jagmandir Island Palace, City Palace, Gangaur Ghat and Sajjanghar Palace, to name a few.To make your sightseeing hassle-free, we offer curated half-day and full-day tours tailored to your interests. Just connect with us, and we’ll be happy to help you plan a memorable journey through the city.\n\n### What kind of experiences can I enjoy during my stay at Taj Lake Palace, Udaipur?\n\nDuring your stay at Taj Lake Palace Udaipur, you can enjoy a variety of experiences. These include royal arrival in vintage cars, personalised dining, concierge and butler services and more.\n\n### Does Taj Lake Palace, Udaipur have a swimming pool?\n\nYes, Taj Lake Palace, Udaipur has an outdoor swimming pool where you can relax and enjoy your time during your stay.\n\n### Does Taj Lake Palace, Udaipur have a spa?\n\nYes, Taj Lake Palace, Udaipur has the J Wellness Circle spa, where you can relax and rejuvenate with a range of signature therapies, yoga, and meditation sessions during your stay.\n\n### What Parking facilities are available at Taj Lake Palace, Udaipur?\n\nTaj Lake Palace, Udaipur, offers convenient on-site parking for guests, along with valet service to make your arrival and departure smooth and hassle-free. Whether you arrive by car or need assistance with transfers, our team ensures a smooth and comfortable experience during your stay.\n\n### Does Taj Lake Palace, Udaipur, have an EV Charging station?\n\nYes, Taj Lake Palace, Udaipur has an EV charging station to conveniently charge your electric vehicle during your stay.\n\n---\n\n## TRAVEL STORIES\n\nDive into the world of Taj Hotels through our blogs, offering unique perspectives on luxur...\n\ny stays, dining, culture and unforgettable experiences\n\n---\n\n### Taj Hotels Preserving Heritage\n\nFrom palaces to colonial marvels, each Taj destination unvei... ls India's timeless traditions and cultural grandeur.\n\n---\n\n### Rainy Retreats with Taj\n\nUncover 6 places to visit in monsoon in 2023. From breathtak... ing scenic views to discovering the charming beauty of nature. Book your Monsoon Getaway today!\n\n---\n\n### Timeless Weddings\n\nChoose from 5 breathtaking destination weddings in India for... an unforgettable experience. Make your wedding day dreams come true with Taj Hotels. Know more!\n\n---\n\n### Living Legacies of Taj\n\nHere are the top 5 heritage palace hotels in India. Enjoy pr... ivately appointed rooms, world-class amenities, and exquisite dining options. Make your stay truly memorable with Taj Hotels. Know more!\n\n#### BREAKFAST INCLUSIVE RATE\n\nWake up to a symphony of flavours with our delectable breakfast spread and enjoy seamless internet connectivity and flexible cancellation for that add... ed convenience.\n\nSUBSCRIBE FOR LA", summary=None, highlights=None, highlight_scores=None), Result(url='https://www.tajhotels.com/en-in/hotels/rambagh-palace-jaipur?gad_campaignid=23295146772', id='https://www.tajhotels.com/en-in/hotels/rambagh-palace-jaipur?gad_campaignid=23295146772', title='.css-lsbrzj{display:-webkit-box;display:-webkit-flex;display:-ms-flexbox;display:flex;-webkit-flex-direction:row;-ms-flex-direction:row;flex-direction:row;-webkit-column-gap:2.08vw;column-gap:2.08vw;-webkit-align-items:center;-webkit-box-align:center;-ms-flex-align:center;align-items:center;} .css-1njxoun{margin:0;-webkit-flex-shrink:0;-ms-flex-negative:0;flex-shrink:0;border-width:0;border-style:solid;border-color:rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.12);border-bottom-width:thin;background:#FFFFFF;border-color:#FFFFFF;width:4.167vw;height:0.055vw;} .css-gw9im6{margin:0;font-family:Cinzel,Palatino Linotype,sans-serif;text-transform:uppercase;font-weight:400;font-size:3.23vw;line-height:3.85vw;letter-spacing:-0.05em;color:#45443F;color:#FFFFFF;line-height:120%;white-space:nowrap;} Rambagh Palace, Jaipur', score=None, published_date=None, author=None, image=None, favicon='https://www.tajhotels.com/en-in/taj-favicon-32x32.svg', subpages=None, extras=None, entities=None, crawl_date=None, text="Rambagh Palace, Jaipur - 5-star Palace Hotel in Jaipur Near Hawa Mahal | Taj Hotels\n\n---\n\n# Rambagh Palace, Jaipur\n\nGALLERY\n\n---\n\n06 Feb 2026\n\n---\n\n07 Feb 2026\n\n---\n\n1 Guest\n\n---\n\n1 Room\n\n---\n\nSpecial CodeBOOK NOW\n\nROOMS & SUITES OVERVIEW OFFERS DINING VENUES WELLNESS HOTEL EXPERIENCES GALLERY LOCAL ATTRACTIONS 360 TOUR\n\n---\n\nHome/ hotels/ rambagh palace jaipur/ source=null%2Fexperiences%2Frooms & suites%2Foffers & promotions%2Fmeetings & event venues%2Foffers & promotions%2Frooms & suites%2Fplaces to visit\n\nSHARE\n\n## The Jewel Of Jaipur\n\nBuilt in 1835, Rambagh Palace, Jaipur gracefully retains its elaborate splendor. Adorned with hand-carved marble latticework, sandstone balustrades, and lush Mughal Gardens, it once served as a royal guesthouse and hunting lodge. From the Maharaja's residence to an authentic palace, this palace hotel in Jaipur upholds its ceremonial grandeur for all guests. Among its many renowned restaurants is S...\n\nuvarna Mahal, housed in the 18th-century-styled palace ballroom, offering Royal Indian delicacies. Additionally, guests can enjoy iconic experiences at the Polo Bar and Rajput Room offering multi-cuisine delicacies. Make the most of the day with an outdoor meal at Verandah and for an evening cocktail, head to Steam, our unique lounge bar aboard a lovingly restored train car replete with steam engine. To enhance the palace sojourn, take a heritage walk of the palace and discover its rich history or indulge in signature therapies at J Wellness Circle, ensuring a harmonious balance for mind and body. Allow our esteemed concierge to curate an exquisite exploration of local attractions, tailored to your discerning preferences. Let the allure of Rambagh Palace, Jaipur envelop you as we ensure that every detail is an ode to your refined taste.\u200b\n\n---\n\n## Highlights\n\nRambagh Palace, Jaipur has a stately elegance that has long made it a much cherished destination. Celebrated restaurants and iconic grounds bestow the ‘Jewel of Jaipur’ with an added measure of grandeur.\n\n### Elaborate Mughal Gardens\n\n### Exclusive royal butlers\n\n### Suvarna Mahal’s 18th century décor\n\n---\n\n## Unparalleled Offers\n\n### Best Available Rate - Room Only\n\nOffering an unparalleled blend of plush comfort and elegance, our exclusive room-only rate comes with the added convenience of sea... mless internet connectivity and flexible cancellation.\n\nLOGIN / JOIN\n\nMORE\n\n### Breakfast Inclusive Rate\n\nWake up to a symphony of flavours with our delectable breakfast spread and enjoy seamless internet connectivity and flexible cance... llation for that added convenience.\n\nLOGIN / JOIN\n\nMORE\n\n### Queen's Woyage\n\nUnfurl your own royal banner with the Queen's Woyage. Step into our living palaces, where hand-stitched tapestries whisper secrets... of ancestral grace and moonlit courtyards remind you of timeless traditions. Indulge in thoughtfully curated excursions, luxurious meals and bespoke spa rituals befitting the Queen.\n\nBOOK NOW\n\nMORE\n\n---\n\n## HotelInformation\n\nCHECK IN – CHECK OUT\n\nCheck-in from 2:00 pm\n\nCheck-out until noon\n\nDINING\n\n4 restaurants & 1 bar\u200b\n\nCURRENT TEMPERATURE\n\n---\n\nROOMS & SUITES\n\n78 rooms and suites\n\nWELLNESS\n\nJ Wellness Circle offering traditional Indian therapies\n\nHOTEL ESSENTIALS\n\nGSTIN: 08AAACH6899P1ZL\n\n---\n\nCONTACT\n\nBhawani Singh Road, Jaipur, Rajasthan, Rajasthan - 302005, India\n\nVIEW MAP\n\nreservations.jaipur@ihcltata.com\n\nrambagh.jaipur@tajhotels.com\n\n+91 14164 80442\n\n+91 14123 85700\n\n+91 14166 71234\n\n---\n\n## Facilities\n\n#### HOTEL\n\nAccessibility for differently-abled\n\nCurrency Exchange\n\nConcierge\n\nCar Rental\n\nDoctor on Call\n\nEarth check certified\n\nEV charging stations\n\nEvening entertainment\n\nHeritage Walk\n\nIndoor banquet spaces\n\nJogging Track\n\nLimousine/ Yacht transfers on request\n\nLaundry and Drycleaning\n\nMulti-lingual Staff\n\nOnsite Shopping\n\nOutdoor banquet spaces\n\nSmoking Lounge\n\nStandard & premium Wi-Fi\n\nTravel Desk\n\nVehicle parking\n\n24/7 business centre\n\n...less\n\n#### DINING\n\nPolo Bar (Finger Food)\n\nRajput Room (Multinational Cuisine)\n\nSteam (Mediterranean)\n\nSuvarna Mahal (Indian)\n\nVerandah Café (Multinational cuisine)\n\n...less\n\n#### WELLNESS\n\nHeated swimming pool\n\nIndoor swimming pool\n\nJ Wellness Circle Spa\n\nOutdoor swimming pool\n\nState-of-the-art fitness centre\n\nYoga instructor\n\n...less\n\n#### ROOMS\n\nButler service\n\nInterconnecting rooms (subject to availability)\n\nGarden / Courtyard\n\nMini-Bar\n\nSmoking and non-smoking rooms (subject to availability)\n\n24/7 in-room dining\n\n45 Rooms & 33 Suites\n\n...less\n\n---\n\n## Frequently Asked Questions\n\n---\n\n### Is it possible to get an early check-in or a late check-out if my travel plans change?\n\nIf you are planning to arrive before the standard check-in time of 2:00 pm, or leave after 12:00 pm, you are requested to let us know in advance. To ensure a smooth journey, you can call us directly so that we can assist you with best available options tailored to your schedule.\n\n### Is Rambagh Palace, Jaipur pet friendly?\n\nNo, pets are not allowed at Rambagh Palace, Jaipur, as we do not offer any housing facilities for them.\n\n### How far is Rambagh Palace from Jaipur airport?\n\nThe journey from Jaipur International Airport to Rambagh Palace typically takes approximately 30 minutes by car, depending on traffic conditions. For added convenience and comfort, guests are welcome to contact us in advance to arrange airport transfers.\n\n### What's the easiest way to reserve a table at one of the restaurants in Rambagh Palace?\n\nTo reserve a table at any one of our restaurants, you can simply give us a call at +91-14166-71234. At Rambagh Palace, you can savour a delightful variety of cuisines, including Fusion European, Oriental specialities, Indian delicacies, and gourmet finger food, all served in elegant settings designed to elevate your dining experience.\n\n### What are some of the best places to visit near Rambagh Palace, Jaipur?\n\nJaipur, known for its rich heritage and architectural grandeur, offers a wealth of experiences just a short distance from our hotel Rambagh Palace. Guests can explore iconic landmarks such as the majestic Amber Fort, the regal City Palace, the astronomical marvel of Jantar Mantar, and the stunning façade of Hawa Mahal. For travellers interested in history and art, the Albert Hall Museum is a must-visit. Shoppers will enjoy browsing through the vibrant Johari Bazaar and Bapu Bazaar, known for traditional jewellery, textiles, and handicrafts. For a spiritual retreat, the serene Galtaji Temple and the historic Narahari Fort offer peaceful escapes. To enhance your visit, we also offer curated half-day and full-day tours, designed to provide a truly immersive experience of Jaipur’s cultural richness.\n\n---\n\n## TRAVEL STORIES\n\nDive into the world of Taj Hotels through our blogs, offering unique perspectives on luxur...\n\ny stays, dining, culture and unforgettable experiences\n\n---\n\n### Timeless Weddings\n\nChoose from 5 breathtaking destination weddings in India for... an unforgettable experience. Make your wedding day dreams come true with Taj Hotels. Know more!\n\nREAD NOW\n\n---\n\n### Jaipur’s Iconic Hotels & Palaces for a Grand Stay\n\nREAD NOW\n\n---\n\n### Explore Rajasthan’s Finest Dining Experiences\n\nREAD NOW\n\n---\n\n### Indulgent Spa Escape\n\nREAD NOW\n\n#### BREAKFAST INCLUSIVE RATE\n\nWake up to a symphony of flavours with our delectable breakfast spread and enjoy seamless internet connectivity and flexible cancellation for that add... ed convenience.\n\nMORE\n\nSUBSCRIBE FOR LATEST UPDATES\n\nEnter your email Address\n\nSUBSCRIBE\n\nFOR BOOKINGS CONTACT\n\n1-800-111-825 reservations@ihcltata.com\n\nCUSTOMER SUPPORT\n\ncontacttaj@tajhotels.com website.feedback@tajhotels.com\n\nQUICK LINKS\n\nHotels\n\nAbout Taj\n\nDining\n\nHolidays\n\nWellness\n\nOffers\n\nTimeless Weddings\n\nGifting\n\nEvent Venues\n\nNeupass\n\nTaj Magazine\n\nEpicure\n\nSitemap\n\nTaj Blog\n\nHSBC Taj Credit Card\n\nCONNECT WITH US\n\n---\n\nDESTINATIONS\n\n5-Star Hotels in Agra\n\n5-Star Hotels in Ahmedabad\n\n5-Star Hotels in Amritsar\n\n5-Star Hotels in Andamans\n\n5-Star Hotels in Bandhavgarh\n\n5-Star Hotels in Bekal\n\n5-Star Hotels in Bengaluru\n\n5-Star Hotels in Bentota\n\n5-Star Hotels in Bhopal\n\n5-Star Hotels in Cape Town\n\n5-Star Hotels in Chandigarh\n\n5-Star Hotels in Chennai\n\n5-Star Hotels in Chitwan\n\n5-Star Hotels in Colombo\n\n5-Star Hotels in Coorg\n\n5-Star Hotels in Darjeeling\n\n5-Star Hotels in Dubai\n\n5-Star Hotels in Gandhinagar\n\n5-Star Hotels in Gangtok\n\n5-Star Hotels in Goa\n\n5-Star Hotels in Gurgaon\n\n5-Star Hotels in Gwalior\n\n5-Star Hotels in Havelock\n\n5-Star Hotels in Hyderabad\n\n5-Star Hotels in Jaipur\n\n5-Star Hotels in Jim Corbett\n\n5-Star Hotels in Jodhpur\n\n5-Star Hotels in Kanha\n\n5-Star Hotels in Kerala\n\n5-Star Hotels in Kochi\n\n5-Star Hotels in Kolkata\n\n5-Star Hotels in Kovalam\n\n5-Star Hotels in Kumarakom\n\n5-Star Hotels in London\n\n5-Star Hotels in Lucknow\n\n5-Star Hotels in Madikeri\n\n5-Star Hotels in Maldives\n\n5-Star Hotels in Mumbai\n\n5-Star Hotels in New Delhi\n\n5-Star Hotels in New York\n\n5-Star Hotels in Panna\n\n5-Star Hotels in Pench\n\n5-Star Hotels in Rajasthan\n\n5-Star Hotels in Ranthambore\n\n5-Star Hotels in Rishikesh\n\n5-Star Hotels in San Francisco\n\n5-Star Hotels in Shimla\n\n5-Star Hotels in Tirupati\n\n5-Star Hotels in Varanasi\n\n5-Star Hotels in Udaipur\n\n5-Star Hotels in Wayanad\n\n---\n\n#### OUR BRANDS\n\n---\n\n© 2026 The Indian Hotels Company Limited. All Rights Reserved.\n\nCorporate\n\n---\n\nPressroom\n\n---\n\nWork With Us\n\n---\n\nTerms of Service\n\n---\n\nBest Rate Guarantee FAQ\n\nAccessibility\n\n---\n\nInvestor Relations\n\n---\n\nPartners\n\n---\n\nPrivacy Policy\n\n---\n\nCookies Policy", summary=None, highlights=None, highlight_scores=None), Result(url='https://www.tajhotels.com/en-in/hotels/taj-mahal-new-delhi', id='https://www.tajhotels.com/en-in/hotels/taj-mahal-new-delhi', title='Taj Mahal, New Delhi - Luxury Hotel in New Delhi near India Gate| Taj Hotels', score=None, published_date=None, author=None, image='https://cdn.sanity.io/images/ocl5w36p/ihcl_prod/8f2ef65f19277bdb97af4fbd483d30110dd43180-1280x1760.jpg', favicon='https://www.tajhotels.com/en-in/taj-favicon-32x32.svg', subpages=None, extras=None, entities=None, crawl_date=None, text="Taj Mahal, New Delhi - Luxury Hotel in New Delhi near India Gate| Taj Hotels\n\n---\n\n# Taj Mahal, New Delhi\n\nGALLERY\n\n---\n\n15 Jul 2026\n\n---\n\n16 Jul 2026\n\n//\n\nJuly 2026 – August 2026\n\nS\n\nM\n\nT\n\nW\n\nT\n\nF\n\nS\n\n1\n\n✖\n\n2\n\n✖\n\n3\n\n✖\n\n4\n\n✖\n\n5\n\n✖\n\n6\n\n✖\n\n7\n\n✖\n\n8\n\n✖\n\n9\n\n✖\n\n10\n\n✖\n\n11\n\n✖\n\n12\n\n✖\n\n13\n\n✖\n\n14\n\n✖\n\n15\n\n✖\n\n16\n\n✖\n\n17\n\n✖\n\n18\n\n✖\n\n19\n\n✖\n\n20\n\n✖\n\n21\n\n✖\n\n22\n\n✖\n\n23\n\n✖\n\n24\n\n✖\n\n25\n\n✖\n\n26\n\n✖\n\n27\n\n✖\n\n28\n\n✖\n\n29\n\n✖\n\n30\n\n✖\n\n31\n\n✖\n\nS\n\nM\n\nT\n\nW\n\nT\n\nF\n\nS\n\n1\n\n✖\n\n2\n\n✖\n\n3\n\n✖\n\n4\n\n✖\n\n5\n\n✖\n\n6\n\n✖\n\n7\n\n✖\n\n8\n\n✖\n\n9\n\n✖\n\n10\n\n✖\n\n11\n\n✖\n\n12\n\n✖\n\n13\n\n✖\n\n14\n\n✖\n\n15\n\n✖\n\n16\n\n✖\n\n17\n\n✖\n\n18\n\n✖\n\n19\n\n✖\n\n20\n\n✖\n\n21\n\n✖\n\n22\n\n✖\n\n23\n\n✖\n\n24\n\n✖\n\n25\n\n✖\n\n26\n\n✖\n\n27\n\n✖\n\n28\n\n✖\n\n29\n\n✖\n\n30\n\n✖\n\n31\n\n✖\n\n---\n\n1 Guest\n\n---\n\n1 Room\n\n---\n\nSpecial Code\n\nBOOK NOW\n\n---\n\nHome/ hotels/ taj mahal new delhi\n\nSHARE\n\n## WHERE OPULENCE SHINES\n\nTaj Mahal, New Delhi, is a luxury 5-star deluxe hotel that has recently undergone a complete renovation, preserving its timeless appeal while incorporating contemporary charm. Situated in the heart of the city, the hotel offers a unique vantage point with views of the leafy boulevards of Lutyens Delhi, adding to its status as an iconic landmark in the historic part of the capital. As part of the r...\n\nenovation, this 5-star hotel near India Gate hotel has installed state-of-the-art air purification systems throughout the entire property, ensuring a clean and healthy environment for all guests. The hotel features 213 beautifully transformed accommodations, including Luxury Residences and Suites that offer breathtaking aerial views of Delhi's historic skyline. Dining options at Taj Mahal, New Delhi are diverse and enticing. Machan is an all-day international dining restaurant, House of Ming is a renowned Cantonese, Sichuan, and Hunan restaurant, Varq is a modern Indian dining destination, Emperor Lounge offers gourmet selections, Captain's Cellar captures the culinary essence of vineyards across the globe and Ricks’ is a contemporary bar featuring modern mixology. For events and banquets, Taj Mahal, New Delhi offers elegant indoor and outdoor spaces filled with natural light and refreshing views of the outdoor gardens. The meeting venues are equipped with cutting-edge technology, innovative culinary concepts and also offer the option of green meetings incorporating sustainable solutions to ensure a positive impact on both the planet and the participants. Our concierge service ensures your every need is attended to, while the J Wellness Circle, fitness centre, pool and shopping options at Khazana keep you pampered. A stay with us at Taj Mahal, New Delhi, promises unmatched hospitality.\n\n---\n\n## Highlights\n\nTaj Mahal, New Delhi is an iconic landmark in the country’s capital and offers unrivalled views of the city. With newly redesigned accommodation, legendary dining, and signature banquet spaces suited for weddings and corporate events alike, this luxury hotel in Delhi is where diplomatic and busines... s travellers, leisure travellers, and discerning global guests come together. The exceptional amenities and services make it an ideal business hotel in New Delhi, featuring state-of-the-art meeting facilities and personalized services that enhance productivity.\n\n### The Chambers - India's Premier Business Club\n\n### Magnificent views\n\n### Golden Keys concierge\n\n---\n\n## Unparalleled Offers\n\n### Taj Club - Breakfast & Cocktail Hours Inclusive\n\nDesigned around your pace, these are spaces that move effortlessly between focus and ease, setting the tone from the moment your d... ay begins. With access to a private lounge and additional privileges reserved only for members, Taj Club Rooms offer an experience that feels personal, considered and quietly in your favour.\n\nLOGIN / JOIN\n\nMORE\n\n### Perfect Staycations\n\nRetreat into our tranquil urban havens and indulge in an unforgettable staycation that combines the best of experiences and relaxa... tion. Enjoy added benefits as you unwind with our exclusive Perfect Staycations offer.\n\nBOOK NOW\n\nMORE\n\n### Breakfast Inclusive Rate\n\nWake up to a symphony of flavours with our delectable breakfast spread and enjoy seamless internet connectivity and flexible cance... llation for that added convenience.\n\nLOGIN / JOIN\n\nMORE\n\n---\n\n## Hotel Information\n\nCHECK IN - CHECK OUT\n\nCheck-in from 2:00 pm\n\nCheck-out until noon\n\nDINING\n\n3 restaurants, 1 lounge and 2 bars\n\nCURRENT TEMPERATURE\n\n---\n\nROOMS & SUITES\n\n146 rooms, 40 suites and 27 residences\n\nWELLNESS\n\nJ Wellness Circle offering Indian and international therapies\n\nHOTEL ESSENTIALS\n\nGSTIN : 07AAACT3957G1Z9\n\n---\n\nCONTACT\n\nNumber One Mansingh Road, New Delhi, Delhi, 110011, India\n\nmahal.delhi@tajhotels.com\n\n+91 11665 66162\n\n+91 11648 04425\n\n+91 11681 83700\n\nDOWNLOAD FACTSHEET\n\nHOTEL CLASSIFICATION\n\n---\n\n## Facilities\n\n#### HOTEL\n\nAccessible facilities\n\nBabysitting services\n\nBusiness centre featuring cyber-butler, meeting rooms with high-speed Wi-Fi, secretarial assistance, interpretation facilities and workstations\n\nGolden Keys concierge services\n\n...more\n\n#### DINING\n\nVarq (Contemporary Indian)\n\nHouse of Ming (Chinese)\n\nMachan (24-hour International Dining)\n\nAlbero, World-Class Dining at The Chambers Members Club\n\n...more\n\n#### WELLNESS\n\nJ Wellness Circle\n\nYoga, on request\n\n24-hour fitness centre\n\n24-hour on-call medical services\n\n#### ROOMS\n\nButler service and club lounge access for Taj Club guests\n\nFour and five-fixture marble bathrooms\n\nRooms for single women\n\n24-hour in-room dining\n\n---\n\n## Location &Directions\n\n#### GETTING HERE\n\nNumber One Mansingh Road, New Delhi, Delhi 110011, India\n\n#### AIRPORT\n\nTransfers to and from Indira Gandhi International Airport from Taj Mahal, New Delhi take approximately twenty-five minutes by car\n\n#### LOCAL TRANSPORT\n\nPublic taxis are readily available. Hotel cars and taxis can be organised by the concierge\n\n---\n\n## Frequently Asked Questions\n\n---\n\n### Is it possible to get an early check-in or a late check-out if my travel plans change?\n\nIf you are planning to arrive before the standard check-in time of 2:00 pm, or leave after 12:00 pm, you are requested to let us know in advance. To ensure a smooth journey, you can all us directly so that we can assist you with best available options tailored to your schedule.\n\n### Is Taj Mahal, New Delhi pet-friendly?\n\nNo, Taj Mahal, New Delhi is not a pet friendly hotel. We don’t have any accommodation facilities for your pets.\n\n### How long does it take to reach the Taj Mahal, New Delhi from the airport?\n\nIt takes approximately 25 minutes to reach the Taj Mahal, New Delhi, from Indira Gandhi International Airport. The time may be longer, depending on traffic and the timing of your flight or departure from the hotel.\n\n### Can I arrange a pick-up or drop-off to the airport from Taj Mahal, New Delhi?\n\nIf you would like us to arrange a vehicle, you can write to our in-house reservations team at mahal.delhi@tajhotels.com, and we will arrange a timely pickup or drop-off for you.\n\n### What's the easiest way to reserve a table at one of the restaurants in Taj Mahal, New Delhi?\n\nThe easiest way to book a table at any of our restaurants at Taj Mahal, New Delhi is to call as the given numbers. You can savour a delightful variety of cuisines, including Chinese specialities, Indian delicacies, and gourmet finger food, all served in elegant settings designed to elevate your dining experience.\n\n- Machan: +91-011-6651-3244\n\n- Varq: +91-011-6651-3151\n\n- House of Ming: +91-011-6651-3242\n\n- Rick's: +91-011-6651-3246\n\n- Emperor Lounge: +91-011-6651-3112\n\n- Captain's Cellar: +91-011-6651-3585\n\n### What are some of the best places to visit near the Taj Mahal, New Delhi?\n\nNew Delhi is a city steeped in history and culture, and staying at the Taj Mahal, New Delhi places you close to some of its most iconic attractions. You can explore the majestic Red Fort, the beautifully preserved Humayun’s Tomb, and the symbolic India Gate. For a deeper cultural experience, visit Jama Masjid, take a leisurely walk through Lodhi Gardens and the Art District, or shop for handicrafts and local flavours at Dilli Haat. To make your sightseeing hassle-free, we offer curated half-day and full-day tours tailored to your interests. Just connect with us, and we’ll be happy to help you plan a memorable journey through the city.\n\n---\n\n## TRAVEL STORIES\n\nDive into the world of Taj Hotels through our blogs, offering unique perspectives on luxur...\n\ny stays, dining, culture and unforgettable experiences\n\n---\n\n### Must-visit Places in Delhi\n\nDiscover the attractions and top 10 places to visit in Delhi... with Taj Hotels. Explore the city and uncover some of its unique heritage, architecture, culture, and experiences. Know more!\n\nREAD NOW\n\n#### SUITE SURPRISES - MEMBER ONLY\n\nIndulge in a stay that goes beyond the ordinary and experience enhanced comfort, added space, thoughtful touches and unparalleled extravagance with ou... r special package for suites.\n\nMORE\n\nSUBSCRIBE FOR LATEST UPDATES\n\nEnter your email Address\n\nSUBSCRIBE\n\nFOR BOOKINGS CONTACT\n\n1-800-111-825 reservations@ihcltata.com\n\n+91 22660 11825\n\nCUSTOMER SUPPORT\n\ncontacttaj@tajhotels.com website.feedback@tajhotels.com\n\nQUICK LINKS\n\nHotels\n\nAbout Taj\n\nDining\n\nHolidays\n\nWellness\n\nOffers\n\nTimeless Weddings\n\nGifting\n\nEvent Venues\n\nTaj InnerCircle NeuPass\n\nTaj Magazine\n\nEpicure\n\nSitemap\n\nTaj Blog\n\nHSBC Taj Credit Card\n\nPartnerships and Alliances\n\nCONNECT WITH US\n\n---\n\nDESTINATIONS\n\n5-Star Hotels in Agra\n\n5-Star Hotels in Ahmedabad\n\n5-Star Hotels in Ajmer\n\n5-Star Hotels in Alibaug\n\n5-Star Hotels in Amritsar\n\n5-Star Hotels in Andamans\n\n5-Star Hotels in Anjuna\n\n5-Star Hotels in Bandhavgarh\n\n5-Star Hotels in Bangalore\n\n5-Star Hotels in Bekal\n\n5-Star Hotels in Benaulim\n\n5-Star Hotels in Bentota\n\n5-Star Hotels in Bhopal\n\n5-Star Hotels in Bhubaneswar\n\n5-Star Hotels in Cape Town\n\n5-Star Hotels in Calicut\n\n5-Star Hotels in Candolim\n\n5-Star Hotels in Chandigarh\n\n5-Star Hotels in Chennai\n\n5-Star Hotels in Chitwan\n\n5-Star Hotels in Chikmagalur\n\n5-Star Hotels in Coimbatore\n\n5-Star Hotels in Colombo\n\n5-Star Hotels in Coo", summary=None, highlights=None, highlight_scores=None), Result(url='https://www.oberoihotels.com/hotels-in-udaipur-udaivilas-resort/', id='https://www.oberoihotels.com/hotels-in-udaipur-udaivilas-resort/', title='Best 5 Star Hotel In Udaipur | Luxury Resort in Udaipur | The Oberoi Udaivilas', score=None, published_date=None, author=None, image='https://www.oberoihotels.com/-/media/oberoi-hotel/udaivilas-resized/udaivilas/overview/banner/desktop1920x980/3.jpg', favicon=None, subpages=None, extras=None, entities=None, crawl_date=None, text="Best 5 Star Hotel In Udaipur | Luxury Resort in Udaipur | The Oberoi Udaivilas\n\nWelcome to Oberoi One.\n\nOur distinctive guest recognition programme.\n\nFor Corporate & Travel Partners\n\nWelcome to Udaipur\n\n### Welcome to Udaipur\n\nFondly known as the City of Lakes, Udaipur was once the capital of the Kingdom of Mewar. The city is steeped in royal heritage, with grand hilltop forts, ornate palaces, ancient temples and lush gardens each bearing testimony to its majestic past.\n\nLocated along the tranquil banks of Lake Pichola, The Oberoi Udaivilas spans 121,000 square metres (30 acres) of beautifully landscaped gardens, with interconnecting domes and walkways inspired by traditional Rajasthani design. The rooms and suites are spacious and elegantly appointed, many with private terraces offering garden views and select suites featuring temperature-controlled private pools with views of the lake or inner courtyards.\n\nFine dining, daily yoga and personalised spa therapies are delivered with the signature Oberoi warmth and attention to detail.\n\nLocal Time : 6:33 am\n\nCurrent Weather : 22˚C\n\nShare\n\n### The Oberoi Udaivilas, Udaipur\n\nLake Pichola, Udaipur 313001, India\n\n# 5-Star Deluxe Hotel, Udaipur\n\nGovernment of India, Ministry of Tourism\n\nTravel Notes\n\n- Maharana Pratap Airport\n\n- Distance: 27 kilometres\n- Driving time: 45 minutes\n\nLocated in the western Indian state of Rajasthan, Udaipur is one of the most romantic cities in India.\n\nThe city is set on a series of lakes dating back to 1362 and is renowned for its opulent royal palaces.\n\nSituated on the banks of Lake Pichola, The Oberoi Udaivilas can be reached by car or via a short and stunning ride on our private boat. We recommend the latter.\n\nRESORT POLICIES Travel Information\n\n### Sustainability\n\nThe Oberoi, Bengaluru derives most of its electricity needs from wind power.\n\nOur Bengaluru hotel also has IoT-based air purification in all guest rooms. This advanced filtration system cleanses the air of airborne pollutants and allergens. For the healthiest air in the city.\n\n### Accommodation\n\nSuites\n\n- Suites\n- Rooms\n\nKohinoor Suite with Private Pool. Gold domed ceilings, mirror mosaics and hand carved marble privacy screens. The Kohinoor Suite is a rarity. Includes king size bed and twin bedrooms, a spectacular dining room, living room, and a large private pool with lake views.\n\nLuxury Suite with Private Pool. Enjoy magnificent views from the elegant living room and king size bedroom, en-suite bathroom, dining room, powder room, and private courtyard. Outside, a private pool and al fresco dining space to relax and unwind.\n\nPremier City Palace View Room with Semi-Private Pool. Magnificent views of the City Palace, across the Lake Pichola. Refresh and unwind in the semi-private pool, accessible from the private terrace of your room.\n\nPremier Garden View Room with Semi-Private Pool. From the private terrace of your room, slip into a breathtaking semi-private pool or relax on a sun lounger. Enjoy garden views from your naturally lit room.\n\nPremier Room with Pool View. These spacious rooms feature a king size bed, and a marble bathroom with private courtyard views. The highlight has to be the cushioned bay window seat with views of our main pool, Mewari-style courtyard, and lush green lawns.\n\nPremier Room. Uninterrupted garden views are best enjoyed from the bay window seat in these stunning rooms. With a natural palette, bursts of colour, and traditional patterns, the spacious interiors include a king size bed and a marble en-suite bathroom.\n\n### Dining\n\nRestaurants\n\n- Restaurants\n- Bar\n\nSuryamahal and Chandni. Take a seat under the blue sky, beneath the cloud-brushed dome of Suryamahal, or dine al fresco beside lake and City Palace views at Chandni.\n\nCuisine: International.\n\nMewar by Vineet. Drawing inspiration from the regional houses to the rural communities of the historic Mewar kingdom, Mentor Chef Vineet Bhatia (MBE) reimagines traditional flavours with his signature finesse.\n\nCuisine: Indian.\n\nThe Bar. Naturally lit during the day, and glowing in the light of glass lamps after sunset. With traditional archways, domes and uninterrupted garden views.\n\nThe Promenade. Unwind the day with a sundowner, by our lakeside al fresco bar. Breathtaking views of the old city by the banks of Lake Pichola are a beauty to behold.\n\n### Wellness\n\nAsmi by Oberoi\n\n- Asmi by Oberoi\n- Swimming Pool\n- Fitness Centre\n\nAsmi by Oberoi. Asmi is a sanctuary of self-discovery and renewal. Rooted in the Sanskrit philosophy of “I Am,” Asmi embodies balance, awareness and connection with the present moment.\n\nSwimming Pool. We have two temperature-controlled pools with Mughal inspired design features. All guests are welcome to use the main pool. The spa pool is for adults only.\n\nFitness Centre. Located in The Oberoi Spa building, and equipped with cardiovascular and weight machines. It offers refreshing garden views.\n\n### Experiences\n\n### Dinner at the Lakeside Pavilion\n\nTake your time over a specially curated menu, accompanied by live traditional music. All complemented by night time views of City Palace and Jagmandir across the Lake Pichola and made even more memorable by our sincere service.\n\n### Private Dinner by the Pool\n\nA private dining experience for up to 4 guests. Specially handcrafted delicacies are served under an intricately carved dome, with views across Lake Pichola to City Palace and Jagmandir. All topped off with live traditional music and our personalised care that makes any occasion extra special.\n\n### Cook with the Chef\n\nEnjoy a connoisseur's guide to spices and a demonstration of local Rajasthani cuisine by one of our master chefs. Participate in an interactive cooking session or sit back and enjoy a meal of specially curated dishes from our kitchen. Served with our warmest compliments.\n\n### Miniature Painting School\n\nLearn about Rajasthan’s unique tradition of miniature painting from the professionals at the Mewar School of Art. Track down the perfect souvenir, or try creating a piece of your own in the style of traditional palace art. Scenes of dramatic landscapes, events from epic tales, and more. Transfers can be arranged at an extra charge.\n\n### Spa Sojourn at The Oberoi Udaivilas\n\nOur private yoga sessions can be tailored to suit any age and level of experience. According to individual needs, our instructors teach breathing and meditation techniques, yoga postures and Sanskrit mantras to rejuvenate the body and mind.\n\n### Offers\n\nEXTENDED STAY OFFER\n\nA Night with our Compliments. Enjoy extraordinary savings when you book for three or more consecutive nights.\n\nEXCLUSIVE OFFER FOR MEMBERS.\n\nEnjoy Savings and More. Enjoy 15% savings and INR 5,000 hotel credit.\n\nUNFORGETTABLE HOLIDAYS\n\nCreate timeless memories at the best hotel in Udaipur. Spacious accommodation, exquisite cuisine, and relaxing times with your loved ones are made even more special against a backdrop of traditional architecture, landscaped gardens and reflection pools. All complemented by our warm and personalised service.\n\nEXOTIC VACATIONS\n\nA window into a myriad of Indian arts, cultures, cuisines, and extraordinary landscapes. From the exciting national capital to the historical charm of Kolkata, from Himalayan Shimla to the tigers of Ranthambhore, and the palaces of Rajasthan. And at every stop, a sincerely warm welcome at Oberoi Hotels & Resorts.\n\nEXTENDED STAY RATE\n\nStay that little bit longer. Gain more by stretching your holiday.\n\nEARLY ADVANTAGE RATE\n\nSpecially designed for those who like to plan ahead. Early advantage rates come with certain booking restrictions. Applicable on reservations made at least 30 days prior to check-in. Cancellations are not possible once reservation is confirmed by the hotel.\n\n### Events\n\nChandra Mahal. Can host up to 110 people, or be divided into two halls for functions of up to 50. It has views of our floating lotus sculpture and a pre-function area for food and beverages.\n\nMeeting Rooms. With a maximum seating capacity of 48. Equipped with a projector and a screen measuring 2.4 metres x 1.5 metres. Speakers as required.\n\nThe Cocktail Room. An area for intimate gathering for up to 48 guests, featuring an adjoining pre-function area, an inbuilt audio system, and screen.\n\n### Attractions\n\n### City Palace\n\nBegun in the 16th century by Maharana Udai Singh II, the founder of Udaipur, and completed over the course of 300 years, City Palace is 30.4 metres high and has a façade that is 244 metres long. Fusing traditional Rajasthani and Mughal styles, City Palace has ornate glass and ceramic mosaics, elaborate gateways, courtyards, corridors and garden oases. City Palace is located across Lake Pichola, directly opposite The Oberoi Udaivilas.\n\n### Jagdish Temple\n\nJagdish Temple was built in 1651 and dedicated to the Hindu Lord Vishnu. The temple has an awe-inspiring, 24 metres high pagoda adorned with sculptures of dancers, musicians, elephants and horsemen. It is the city's largest and most resplendent temple.\n\n### Sajjangarh Monsoon Palace\n\nA visit to this celebrated landmark is highly recommended. Originally built in the late 18th Century by Maharana Sajjan to serve as an observatory, the Mahrana chose his perch well. From here you can enjoy a breathtaking view of the city and surrounding lakes, the rivers and wooded hillsides. Watching the sunset from here is especially rewarding.\n\n### Ranakpur Jain Temple\n\nOne of the largest and most important temples in Jain culture, Ranakpur Jain Temple is a spectacular marble structure laden with myths and legends. It covers nearly 4,460 square metres (1.1 acres), includes eighty domes, twenty nine halls and is supported by more than 1,440 unique and intricately carved marble pillars, each said to be unique, with no two alike. Ranakpur also features a large, single marble rock which has been carved into over one thousand snakes, whose tails are said to be never ending.\n\n### Kumbhalgarh Fort\n\nA UNESCO World Heritage Site with walls second on", summary=None, highlights=None, highlight_scores=None), Result(url='https://www.oberoihotels.com/hotels-in-mumbai/', id='https://www.oberoihotels.com/hotels-in-mumbai/', title='5 Star Hotel In Mumbai | Luxury Hotel in Nariman Point | The Oberoi', score=None, published_date=None, author=None, image='https://www.oberoihotels.com/-/media/oberoi-hotel/the-oberoi-mumbai/mumbai-1-8-24/overview/banner/desktop1920x980/banner3_.jpg', favicon=None, subpages=None, extras=None, entities=None, crawl_date=None, text="5 Star Hotel In Mumbai | Luxury Hotel in Nariman Point | The Oberoi\n\nWelcome to Oberoi One.\n\nOur distinctive guest recognition programme.\n\nFor Corporate & Travel Partners\n\nWelcome to Mumbai\n\n### Welcome to Mumbai\n\nOnce a cluster of seven islands, Mumbai evolved into a vibrant metropolis in the 18th century and today stands as the financial and commercial capital of India. It is also home to Bollywood, one of the largest centres of film production in the world.\n\nRising above Marine Drive, The Oberoi, Mumbai offers breathtaking views of the Arabian Sea and the sparkling lights of the iconic Queen’s Necklace. Spacious accommodation, curated dining experiences and our warm hospitality are complemented by personalised services, with special attention extended to single lady travellers for added comfort and peace of mind.\n\nLocal Time : 8:10 pm\n\nCurrent Weather : 22˚C\n\nShare\n\n### The Oberoi, Mumbai\n\nNariman Point, Mumbai 400021, India\n\n# 5-Star Deluxe Hotel, Mumbai\n\nGovernment of India, Ministry of Tourism\n\nTravel Notes\n\n- Mumbai Airport\n\n- Distance: 25 kilometres\n- Driving time: 1 hour\n\nMumbai is the capital of the western Indian State of Maharashtra. It is composed of several islands linked by bridges and causeways. It is framed by a wide natural harbour that opens onto the Arabian Sea.\n\nLocated close to many business, cultural and shopping areas, The Oberoi, Mumbai enjoys a superlative position on Marine Drive in fashionable south Mumbai.\n\nHotel Policy Travel Information\n\n### Sustainability\n\nThe Oberoi, Bengaluru derives most of its electricity needs from wind power.\n\nOur Bengaluru hotel also has IoT-based air purification in all guest rooms. This advanced filtration system cleanses the air of airborne pollutants and allergens. For the healthiest air in the city.\n\nAir Quality (PM 2.5)\n\nPM 2.5 Level in microgram per cubic meter\n\n- 4 The Oberoi, Mumbai*\n- 10 London\n- 7 New York\n\nThe Oberoi, Mumbai air purification systems assure air quality on par with global best standards\n\n### Accommodation\n\nResidential Suites\n\n- Residential Suites\n- Suites\n- Rooms\n\nBay View Residential Suite. 113 square metre interiors that include a master bedroom, a private study and an ensuite bathroom with a separate dressing area. The expansive living room, adorned with colourful modern art, presents stunning ocean views in picture-frame windows.\n\nLuxury Residential Suite. These apartments offer exciting cityscape views. Their 90 square metre interiors include a master bedroom, an ensuite bathroom and comfortable living, dining and kitchen spaces. There is ample storage, a private dressing area and a study space.\n\nKohinoor Suite. Superlative views and impeccable luxury. From the bedroom with its private living area and ensuite bathroom, to the separate living-dining room. A workspace with an executive writing desk. A powder room and separate butler entry.\n\nGolconda Suite. Soaring over the Queen’s Necklace in style. This beautifully appointed suite makes fine use of its generous space. Relax in your king size bedroom. Unwind in your separate living room. Enjoy butler service in your dining room.\n\nPremier Bay View Suite. With refreshed interiors, these spacious suites span a master bedroom with an oversized king bed, an elegant living room and a spectacular glass-walled bathroom. Striking bay views are framed in wall-to-wall windows.\n\nPremier Ocean View Suite. Refreshed with contemporary elegance, elevated sea views perfectly complement the sophisticated interiors of these spacious suites. Featuring a comfortable living area, a king-size bedroom and an ensuite bathroom with glass-panelled walls and a standalone bathtub.\n\nPremier Suite Queen’s Necklace View. Enjoy front row seats to Queen’s Necklace views from your wall-to-wall windows. Relax in your king size bedroom. Unwind in your comfortable living and dining space. Lift yourself above Mumbai with a distinctly Oberoi signature.\n\nDeluxe Ocean View Suite. Deluxe Ocean View Suite. Rich upholstery and contemporary features add a touch of class to these suites, while relaxing sea views and natural light soften the mood. There is also a workspace, a powder room and a walk-in wardrobe.\n\nOcean View Suite. Elevated ocean views are perfectly complemented by the sophisticated interiors of these spacious suites. With a comfortable living room, a king size bedroom, an ensuite bathroom with glass-panelled walls and a standalone bathtub.\n\nBay View Suite. These spacious suites span a king size master bedroom, an elegant living room and a spectacular glass walled bathroom. Striking bay views are framed in wall to wall windows. And a butler is at your service 24 hours a day.\n\nPremier Ocean View Rooms. Elegantly refreshed interiors blend comfort with expansive Arabian Sea views from wall-to-wall windows. Furnished with a king-size or twin bed, an armchair and a writing desk, making them ideal for business or leisure stays.\n\nLuxury Bay View Rooms. Thoughtfully refreshed, these rooms offer the residential warmth of a king-size bed and upholstered armchair. Catch up on work at your writing desk and soak in the relaxing ambience from your glass-walled en-suite bathroom.\n\nBay View Rooms. Ideal for business or leisure travellers. Enjoy exciting views of Mumbai harbour from your king-size bed, silk-armchair or glass-walled en-suite bathroom. Catch up on work at your writing desk. Soak in your standalone bathtub.\n\nPremier Room. Newly reimagined with a calm, contemporary aesthetic, these rooms offer bird’s-eye city views and comforting touches. Furnished with a king-size bed, a walk-in wardrobe, an armchair and a writing desk, complemented by a standalone bathtub and a separate shower.\n\nLuxury Room. With bird's eye views of Mumbai’s eclectic skyline. Interiors are furnished with a king-size bed, a walk-in wardrobe, a silk armchair and a writing desk. The bathroom has a standalone bathtub and a separate shower.\n\n### Dining\n\nRestaurants\n\n- Restaurants\n- Bar\n- Lounge\n\nFenix. With a relaxed yet vibrant living room ambience and a spacious interior that merges into the atrium lobby for an abundance of natural light and space.\n\nCuisine: International.\n\nZiya. Where classic Indian dishes are deconstructed and reinvented by our Michelin-starred mentor chef Vineet Bhatia (MBE). And topped off with ocean views.\n\nCuisine: Modern Indian.\n\nThe Oberoi Patisserie. Brimming with handcrafted cakes and desserts, breads, brioches, and pastries baked fresh throughout the day. As well as premium imported products.\n\nCuisine: Viennoiserie, Desserts and Gourmet Specialities.\n\nHome Delivery by Oberoi. Enjoy your favourite dishes from the best restaurants in Mumbai with our exclusive home delivery and takeaway menu.\n\nCuisine: International.\n\nThe Eau Bar. With art-deco themed interiors, an outdoor deck, ocean views, exclusive cocktails by the UK’s leading mixologist and live music. Also offers a private lounge for an intimate experience.\n\nThe Champagne Lounge. Champagne, high tea, and single origin coffees. Live performances on the lobby’s signature red piano. And ocean views captured in floor-to-ceiling windows.\n\n### Wellness\n\nSwimming Pool\n\n- Swimming Pool\n\nSwimming Pool. Our temperature-controlled pool is located in a private courtyard. Enjoy drinks and snacks during the day at poolside tables or on sun loungers. Experience private poolside dining in the evening.\n\n### Experiences\n\n### Heritage Walk\n\nTake a guided walk through Mumbai’s rich history and architectural legacies. Discover little known facts about Jehangir Art Gallery, Rajabai Tower, the High Court, Mumbai University and more on the way to Victoria Terminus. Includes a short drive to the Prince of Wales Museum, where the tour commences.\n\n### Art Kaleidoscope\n\nFrom classical to modern art and everything in between. Let us take you in a chauffeur driven car on a guided tour to Kala Ghoda, where you can take your time exploring Jehangir Art Gallery, the National Gallery of Modern Art, Sakshi Art Gallery, Chatterjee and Lal, Project 88 and many more.\n\n### Cook with a Master Chef\n\nLet us take you on a personalised journey around Indian cuisine. Unravel the complex blends of spices and learn how to recreate authentic tastes in expert guidance from an Oberoi Chef. Includes dinner, cooked to suit your palate.\n\n### Junior Chef\n\nA fun, hands-on cookie making session for our young guests, under the watchful guidance of our friendly Chefs. Go for a classic recipe or get creative with ideas of your own.\n\n### Mumbai at Dawn\n\nThis chauffeur driven tour starts at the break of dawn with the flower market, whose hundreds of thousands of blossoms get delivered around the city every day. On to the bustle of milk and newspaper vendors hawking for sales at the Victoria Terminus building, and the fresh fish auction at the docks.\n\n### Offers\n\nEXCLUSIVE OFFER FOR MEMBERS\n\nEnjoy Savings and More. Enjoy 15% savings and INR 5,000 hotel credit.\n\nWEEKEND ESCAPES.\n\nMake the most of your weekends. Indulge with a leisurely getaway at The Oberoi, Mumbai.\n\nEXTENDED STAY RATE\n\nStay a Bit Longer. Stay for three nights or more and enjoy preferential rates.\n\nSUITE EXPERIENCES\n\nEnjoy a suite stay at the best hotel in Mumbai. Treat yourself to a superlative stay experience in opulent accommodation with round-the-clock, personalised services. Because you deserve the finer things in life.\n\nA SUITE RESIDENCE\n\nMaking business a pleasure. Let us focus on your comfort, while you focus on business. We know how to satisfy your needs and exceed your expectations.\n\nBUSINESS TRAVEL PLUS\n\nMaking business a pleasure. Let us focus on your comfort, while you focus on business. We know how to satisfy your needs and exceed your expectations.\n\nEXOTIC VACATIONS\n\nA window into the myriad of Indian arts, cultures, cuisines and extraordinary landscapes. From the exciting national capital to the historical charm of Kolkata; from Himalayan Shimla to the tigers of Ranthambhore and the palaces of Rajasthan. And at every stop, a sincerely warm welc", summary=None, highlights=None, highlight_scores=None)], resolved_search_type='', auto_date=None, context=None, output=None, statuses=None, cost_dollars=CostDollars(total=0.007, search={'neural': 0.007}, contents=None), search_time=15.2)